
## 02: Ur (ᚢ):

### Info
<table>
  <tr>
  <td>Alternative Names</td>
  <td>Uruz</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td>Translation</td>
  <td>Aurochs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td>Phoneme</td>
  <td>U (both long and short)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td>Color</td>
  <td>Dark Green</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td>Meaning</td>
  <td>Strength of Will, Power, The danger that comes with power, Recklessness</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td>Poem</td>
  <td>
  O Auroque é feroz,<br>
  Com chifres para o alto,<br>
  Um corajoso guerreiro pisa a terra,<br>
  Onipotente.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Possible Effects per rune level

- Level 1
  1. Uses Influence. Grants ally Battle Trance

- Level 2
  1. Uses Influence. If there is a cow-like creature nearby, roll a d20 against a CR set by DM to charm it to help out temporarily.

  2. Uses Influence. Grants ally Battle Trance. Ally also gains +1Might and dis-2 on Perception and Logic rolls for the duration

- Level 3
  1. Uses Influence. If there is a cow-like creature nearby, roll a d20 against a CR set by DM to charm it to help out temporarily. If there isn't one nearby, roll a d20 against a CR set by the DM taking into account the nearby habitat to call one from the proximities.

  2. Uses Influence. Grants ally Battle Trance. Target also gains +2Might +1Fortitude, and their Perception and Logic rolls for the duration are made with dis-3. tiny horn-like protusions may show from the top of the head for the duration.

- Level 4
  1. Uses Creation, Influence. Make a portal, through wich a cow-like creature may or may not traverse, to aid Ynit in combat. roll a d20 using Creation against a CR set by the DM to se if something is summoned, and what to summon. Examples of things to summon include cows, bulls, oxen, aurochs, cow-like centaurs and minotaurs.

  2. Uses Influence. Grants ally Battle Trance. Target also gains +3Might +2Fortitude +1Will, and their Logic, Precience and Learning are considered 0 for the duration. All Logic and Learning rolls are automatic fails for the duration. Small horns show out of the top of the target's head for the duration.

- Level 5
  1. Uses Creation. Make a portal, through wich a cow-like creature will traverse, to aid Ynit in combat. roll a d20 using Creation against a CR set by DM to se if something is summoned, and what to summon. Examples of things to summon include cows, bulls, oxen, aurochs, cow-like centaurs and minotaurs. has higher chance of summoning a better beast. has a chance of summoning the spirit of José the great auroch.

  2. Uses Influence. Grants ally Battle Trance. Target also gains +4Might +2Fortitude +2Will, and their Logic, Precience and Learning are considered 0 for the duration. All Logic and Learning rolls are automatic fails for the duration. Horns grow on the top of the target's head, and a light sheet of fur appears on top of their skin for the duration.